where do you can drink alcohol if you're deployed really depends on where
you're deployed to some regions that you're gonna go to it's a dry
area it's a dry region and you're probably not gonna be able to have
alcohol there or if you do have any you're gonna find it on on base
right and and the sea and that's the only place that you can drink
it because you're not able to bring it out of town just because of
that particular areas cultural you know norms rules and laws other
places that you're gonna be on deployment you more than likely will
be able to partake in and drinking alcohol so rich really depends on
where you're going the best thing to do is just ask around two people
have been deployed to that area before if alcohol was available
or not and if it's something you'd be able to part